sru: 19.3.41 allow_ssh_public_keys:false verification (#73)
cloud-init/ubuntu-sru: bugs/45ea695f.txt

EOF

cat > lxd.yaml <<EOF
#cloud-config
lxd:
  init:
    storage_backend: dir
ssh_import_id: [chad.smith]
allow_public_ssh_keys: false
EOF

for SERIES in xenial bionic disco eoan; do
   echo '=== BEGIN ' $SERIES;
   ref=$SERIES-proposed;
   lxc delete test-$SERIES --force 2> /dev/null;
   lxc-proposed-snapshot -p -P $SERIES $ref | egrep 'Creating|cloud-init';
   lxc init $ref test-$SERIES;
   lxc config set test-$SERIES user.user-data - < lxd.yaml;
   lxc config set test-$SERIES user.meta-data - < md;
   lxc start test-$SERIES;
   lxc exec test-$SERIES -- cloud-init status --wait --long;
   lxc exec test-$SERIES grep wait /var/log/cloud-init.log;
   lxc exec test-$SERIES grep Trace /var/log/cloud-init.log;
   lxc exec test-$SERIES grep Skipping /var/log/cloud-init.log | grep ssh;
   echo -n "Expect 0 cloud keys in authorized_keys: ";
   lxc exec test-$SERIES -- grep -c cloud /home/ubuntu/.ssh/authorized_keys;
   echo -n "Expect 1 cloud key in meta-data: ";
   lxc exec test-$SERIES -- grep -c cloud /var/lib/cloud/seed/nocloud-net/meta-data;
   lxc stop test-$SERIES;
   lxc delete test-$SERIES;
done

[Regression Potential]

> Minimal adds a simple lxd command on initialization.

Reviewer: This doesn't look like it's applicable here. Copy/paste error?

Author: +1 copy paste error. updated. we could have regression if no public keys were published in default case if allow_public_ssh_keys wasn't specified.

EOF

cat > lxd.yaml <<EOF
#cloud-config
lxd:
  init:
    storage_backend: dir
ssh_import_id: [chad.smith]
allow_public_ssh_keys: false
EOF

for SERIES in xenial bionic disco eoan; do
   echo '=== BEGIN ' $SERIES;
   ref=$SERIES-proposed;
   lxc delete test-$SERIES --force 2> /dev/null;
   lxc-proposed-snapshot -p -P $SERIES $ref | egrep 'Creating|cloud-init';
   lxc init $ref test-$SERIES;
   lxc config set test-$SERIES user.user-data - < lxd.yaml;
   lxc config set test-$SERIES user.meta-data - < md;
   lxc start test-$SERIES;
   lxc exec test-$SERIES -- cloud-init status --wait --long;
   lxc exec test-$SERIES grep wait /var/log/cloud-init.log;
   lxc exec test-$SERIES grep Trace /var/log/cloud-init.log;
   lxc exec test-$SERIES grep Skipping /var/log/cloud-init.log | grep ssh;
   echo -n "Expect 0 cloud keys in authorized_keys: ";
   lxc exec test-$SERIES -- grep -c cloud /home/ubuntu/.ssh/authorized_keys;
   echo -n "Expect 1 cloud key in meta-data: ";
   lxc exec test-$SERIES -- grep -c cloud /var/lib/cloud/seed/nocloud-net/meta-data;
   lxc stop test-$SERIES;
   lxc delete test-$SERIES;
done

[Regression Potential]

> Could be signifcant regression in connectivity to instances if not cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Could be significant regression in connectivity to instances if no cloud
```
